Add distill subcommand (#13431)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/cli.mdx

| `--help`, `-h`    | Show help message and available arguments. ~~bool (flag)~~                                                    |
| **CREATES**       | A `dvc.yaml` file in the project directory, based on the steps defined in the given workflow.                 |

## distill {id="distill", tag="experimental", version="4"}

Distill a _student_ pipeline from a _teacher_ pipeline. Distillation trains the
models in the student pipeline on the activations of the teacher's models. A
typical use case for distillation is to extract a smaller, more performant model

> from large high-accuracy model. Since distillation uses the activations of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from a larger high-accuracy model. Since distillation uses the activations of the
```

> teacher, distillation can be performed on a corpus without (gold standard)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
teacher, distillation can be performed on a corpus of raw text without (gold standard)
```
(just to make it abundantly clear)

> annotations.

Reviewer: Should we add a comment that the loop still needs a dev set of gold annotations to evaluate on? To make it more clear why the example CLI statement 👇  has a `--paths.dev ./dev` overwrite part.

Author: Yeah, good idea! Added.

> `distill` will save out the best model from all epochs, as well as the final

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`distill` will save out the best performing pipeline across all epochs, as well as the final
```
Mostly to distinguish "model" from "pipeline" - the eval is holistic across all models in the one pipeline

pipeline. The `--code` argument can be used to provide a Python file that's
imported before the training process starts. This lets you register
[custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) and architectures and refer
to them in your config, all while still using spaCy's built-in `train` workflow.
If you need to manage complex multi-step training workflows, check out the new

> [spaCy projects](/usage/projects).

Reviewer: Refer to Weasel instead: https://github.com/explosion/weasel (we should update this in other places as well, but that's outside of the scope of this PR)

Author: Done.

> #### Example
>
> ```bash
> $ python -m spacy distill teacher-pipeline student.cfg --output ./output --paths.distill ./distill --paths.dev ./dev
> ```

```bash
$ python -m spacy distill [teacher_model] [student_config_path] [--output] [--code] [--verbose] [--gpu-id] [overrides]
```

| Name                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `teacher_model`       | The teacher pipeline to distill the student from. ~~Path (positional)~~                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: This should mention that it can also be a `str` to refer to an installed pipeline, right?

Author: Done.

| `student_config_path` | The configuration of the student pipeline. ~~Path (positional)~~                                                                                                                                       |

> | `--output`, `-o`      | Directory to store the distilled pipeline in. Will be created if it doesn't exist. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~                                                                                        |

Reviewer: And what happens when it's `None`?

Author: Added a remark that no pipeline is saved when this option is absent.

| `--code`, `-c`        | Comma-separated paths to Python files with additional code to be imported. Allows [registering custom functions](/usage/training#custom-functions) for new architectures. ~~Optional[Path] \(option)~~ |
| `--verbose`, `-V`     | Show more detailed messages during distillation. ~~bool (flag)~~                                                                                                                                       |
| `--gpu-id`, `-g`      | GPU ID or `-1` for CPU. Defaults to `-1`. ~~int (option)~~                                                                                                                                             |
| `--help`, `-h`        | Show help message and available arguments. ~~bool (flag)~~                                                                                                                                             |

> | **CREATES**           | A `dvc.yaml` file in the project directory, based on the steps defined in the given workflow.                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: Does it? 🤭

Author: Oops 🤦 . Fixed.
